Thanx Mr. Bezos!
1
8usivw
https://www.reddit.com/r/STOCKMARKETNEWS/comments/8usivw/thanx_mr_bezos/
------------------
From High Priced Celery Water to Flying Laser Robots : Why Amazon Shouldn't Stop at Acquisition of Whole Foods
31
6hrotv
https://www.reddit.com/r/C_S_T/comments/6hrotv/from_high_priced_celery_water_to_flying_laser/
Hey!  I love seeing your critical thought posts.  :D

As an aside, the last four items we have received from Amazon were either broken or shipped with components that don't work.  For example, this portable speaker we received recently came with a charging cord that didn't fit inside the port.  How the fuck did that make it past quality control!?   

This is just a rant that the company we bought it through, made us contact Amazon first and go through this process and yet, we still haven't received a new cord in the mail.  I want to ship it back altogether, but for *the bass on the speaker is so good.*

My husband told me yesterday about Amazon acquiring whole foods, and I told him, they are trying to corner the market on 'organic and whole' foods.  That they are going to now start shipping these foods to folks and the *types of people* who shop at whole foods and pay $7 for essenced water, and $33 for high end cosmetics will totally pay a premium so they have more free time to do what *they want to do.*  It's a service which is sold as a convenience, but it's moreso about control and data collection of 'consumers' as I see it.  It's like when Wal-fart started doing pick-up groceries, submit your order online, someone will shop for you and you can come pick it up... 

At first, I applauded how much that type of service would help invalids and the elderly, but then I saw the people who were using the service: *moms in minivans.*  Online shopping/pickup also takes the negative "in store experience" of being in a Fallmart and eliminates the discomfort, possible social anxiety too.  So you can still 'save money' without interacting with the cultural tropes of Wally-Marty Bingo.  

Lastly, I think it boils down to the *middleman.*  When you don't have time to go, pick-up, touch and compare items in store, you're outsourcing your shopping to a slave of the low wage underclass.  Don't have time to compare and contrast?  Go with the brands you know! This furthers the tunneling and 'brand loyalty' that corps love so much.  Believe me.  *Loyalty is everything.*  That's why Amazon is pushing the dash buttons so hard. Pushing buttons...lol. 

This doesn't even touch on how if you don't have time to shop or compare, you don't have time to look at the ingredients of what your actually consuming...

You forget about the [blimps?](http://www.seattletimes.com/business/amazon/super-drones-and-blimps-amazon-sci-fi-dreams-for-drone-delivery/)
[Speaking of cyber attacks at powergrids..](http://in.reuters.com/article/cyber-attack-utilities-idINKBN1931DU)
Robots and CIA. What will happen?
[Amazon2therescue](https://netflixroulette.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/ugo-50jp-far451.jpg)
I agree, and I want some back story about Hillary Clinton's transhumanist cyborg transformation. I think it was alluded to in a Superman film, maybe the first, I don't think it was the one where Sting fought Agent Dale Cooper on the moon if that's any help.
Write a screenplay and sell it to Hollywood.
I thought Whole Foods majority stockholder was Monsanto?
This seems more a rant, yo'.  I suck at [premise] but try? r/SpaceBuckets... 
I'd send that speaker back so damn fast.  Its is micro-usb or mini-usb?  I bet it is

The best thing for dealing with mini micro is to get a usb adapter kit and keep it together.  This thing has saved me.  It has usb to mini, usb to micro, mini to micro, etc

It's all needless nonsense, they should have all just done usb.  it's like web browsers, they all have to implement standards in their own non standard way, breaking the standard.  That's my usb / web browser rant

I should give you my subwoofer for my Toshi sound bar, I never use it. I think it's hdmi input. Or I should start using it thought, as counterasshole strategem to neighbors.  I know you know what I'm on about with this

> Wal-fart, Fallmart, wallymarty

What about Mal-Wart?  

You reminded me I still have to do a CST on "great value" generic being a agribiz cutout to hedge against pollutants in final product by 'currying'; as a kind of agribiz price-insured buy-in 'sellers club'; possible way to poison latino bebbies and no one farm is to blame

especially with eggs which if you read the back are from farms in arkansas, louisana, georgia, nc, sc, argentina, spain, mexico and/or california
Wow, you're totally right.  Completely forgot the blimps, or I should say zepplins
It's a pretty frightening reality.  I think however the idea of it being 'groups of rogue hackers' is silly.  I don't think it fits their modus operandi.  Hackers want money.  Hactivists want fairness and justice; some hackers want money and to F over the bad guys--mafias and governments.  

Where is it that hackers want to screw over other middle class people with no money and no 'valuable information' just doing their menial strugglesome jobs?  It doesn't fit

No, the only hackers that will be attacking power grids will  be either 1) foreign governments doing it as a part of asymmetric warfare, 2) domestic governments waging psychological warfare, nonlinear warfare against their own citizens as a form of control through fear and gaslighting...which is a scarier more orwellian prospect

But look around you.  Who has the money and power to do this?

Where did Wikileaks' Vault7's cybertools and malware come from?  It came from the CIA and NSA.  I mean those were 'our' tools.  They even had a marble framework and UMBRAGE which was able to make low level code appear to come from Russia so you could blame russia for cyber attacks

The ransomware wannacry was made from vault7 tools, and it attacked old windows xp machines...the only people using those were k-12 schools and universitiy systems that were slow to upgrade, so now they are forced to upgrade.  Right?  The public sector eschewed linux for decades, even though it was free and had millions of people making sure it was secure--for their own sake, yet we continued microsoft because of contracts, and now the collateral damage has forced them to upgrade..

The whole thing seems like an extortion scheme to me, a microsoft based racketeering scheme to be able to have a reason to replace machines with 'new' machines, all of which have firmware based backdoors directly to the NSA , built into the intel chips themselves

That is very low...it shows an extreme willingness to use deceit and deception against your very own people
I'll have to research this and get back to you.  Generally speaking there is absolutely a get-you-to-the-robot plan by the technoneofeudalist supranational political alchemists.  Electronic dance music, Elon Musk and digital are a part of that; so are opiods, a zillion other data points. 
I should try to sell it to Bezos himself.  I actually like Jeff Bezos, but I think he's very misguided for supporting Hillary Clinton and I find that curious.  He is now over 100B net worth, why does he care if his amazon has to have people pay sales tax, he's already a monopoly?  So my point is it's more than financial reasons
No, they (monsanto) just fought whole foods on the labelling issue and were able to defeat whole foods.  then of course this evolved into the DARK act (keep consumers in the dark) which Obama supported.  Did it pass?  I don't know. I know it didn't the first time, but 2nd time not sure, I'd have to research it
I don't grow pot. It's illegal where I live, which is increasingly dumb and pointless
It's a regular charging cord adapter thing.  The circle one with a hole in the middle.  You know what I'm talking about? The speaker can be plugged in or run on battery, aux cord capable and bluesmurftooth enabled.  There are only four ports, all of them are labeled, clearly the power adapter goes in the power port, but no, not in this case.  *Tick tock distribution center.*  It's a bigger speaker, about the size of a 2 liter bottle, but totally cylindrical in nature. It can run on a charge for a long time, which was a selling point.  

Mal-Wart! That's awesome.  

Yes, I'd love to read that post on 'great value' (antonym: 'weak deterrent').  What bugs the shit out of me on packaging is it says where it is *distributed from*, but not *where it's made and by whom.*  Also, the standardization of food product material, much like the standardization of other things...like blood or other materials which undergo mass mixing and reselling.  


Dystopia ain't complete without some big fat ominous dirigibles casting shadows on the consumptory automatons.
We have all the time in the world as Louis Armstrong once sang, as made famous by an interesting fractal commercial starring Rutger Hauer (Hobo with a shotgun fame) for Guinness. Pure genius as their slogan went. Electronic music  you say,?Well I hope by staying in the 70s'/80s' era I am a stagnating Luddite. I think any robot they'd make of me would resemble Metal Mickey, who I think was created by Michael Nesbitt of 'The Monkees' fame, incidentally his mother created tippex (I swear I'm not making this shit up) LOL an electronic band from the 80s' 'The Pet Shop Boys, so called because their friends worked in a pet shop?You could not make this shit up. 
 
Right---it's always bentonville, arkansas

Your speaker is lame.  I'm sorry.  I"m sure there are unlame things about it.

I've never been keen on smurftooth technologies---I had a bt keyboard once and it got confused with downstairs neighbors and was like ok this shits fucked forever.   I think what happened was the downstairs neighbor's was the same model and I 'approved' hers on my computer when I tethered.  Number on the tether didn't correleate to serial number at all--so I just had to pick one. Thought it was so dumb I just couldn't deal---and there she is typing on two computers simultaneously.   I was like: yeahno that shouldn't happen

logitech
I like your thinking more that you can possibly imagine :)  This comment made my night.  Thank you !
------------------
